so Grill in New Jersey first thing we're
gonna do is light our grill we're using
a chimney as opposed to using lighter
fluid lighter fluid
flavors the charcoal and ultimately
flavors the food so we're gonna use
newspaper in a chimney starter real wood
charcoal burns a little bit hotter
different Sharples for different
purposes like when we roast pigs inside
of Kachinas the wood boxes we can't use
real wood charcoal because it's too hot
but for this application we're gonna do
an indirect fire to cook our chicken so
loosely crumpled newspaper if you pack
it too tightly underneath the chimney it
doesn't allow enough air to get in and
your fire will not start garden ice does
the trick in Game seven
it's an old paper anyways I think two
sheets will be fine woah it's gone
forever
and then we're gonna light it and you
want to light it in a couple different
locations get it going real good and it
should take you want to make sure the
charcoal is red-hot through and through
it takes about 25 to 30 minutes and then
you dump it out that's what this thing's
for the dumper handle
you know Terkel really does impart
flavor especially the real wood charcoal
and the problem with the gas grill is
it's just sort of a homogenous flame
that really doesn't add much more flavor
wise to the food so the real wood
charcoal is the way to go it's second to
cooking over wood and I think it's a
close second so so we're gonna let this
charcoal go for about 25 minutes or
until you start to see it nice red
embers right below the surface and then
we're gonna dump it into the little
holder here for the indirect cooking
that's my story so we're gonna dump the
calls now you can see they're nice you
can see through they're nice and red hot
we're gonna do an indirect fire still
gonna dump these off to the back and
this is red hot so set it off set it
aside put our grill on there
I'm gonna let that great heat up for
about five minutes make sure it's good
and hot if it's cold your food's gonna
stick to it
you